This visual argument is called "Running Out of Time". I am arguing for awareness of and actions to prevent global climate change and the degredation of our environment, through the idea of the Climate Clock. Environmental conservation and sustainability is very important to me and I think it is something often overlooked by others or even disregarded because they believe their small actions don't really have an effect. I hope that this poster reminds each person that they have a responsibility to the planet that we all live on to keep it clean. My visual argument is based on the concept of the Climate Clock. It is a running countdown of the time we have left as a collective Earth to achieve zero carbon emissions by. This concept articulates the urgency of this issue as well as puts something tangible behind this massive overwhelming concept. My audience for this visual argument is targeted towards those individuals that need a reminder or awareness that changes need to be made, especially the younger generations because these are the people that are going to influence the future. I chose to make a palatte of shades of blue for my poster because I felt that this neutral and earth-like color combination fits with the concept and content of the poster. Fitting with this theme, I also chose to use a simple, easy to read, and organic style font for the words on my poster. The main focal point on my poster is the number 1 filled with images. It is the largest scaled, has the most color, and the most density to help emphasize the point that we only have one Earth, so we better start putting effort into saving it. The images I chose specifically based on their visual appeal with vivid colors and contrast of tones, but also for their meaning. The images show climates that are some of the most at danger due to human actions and climate change- the melting polar ice caps, the rainforests suffering from deforestation, and thedying coral reefs due to ocean pollution. With my target audience in mind, I chose to change the digital clock to a smart watch to appeal more to the younger generations.I chose to use proximity to sort of split the poster into top and bottom to indicate the two parts of the sentence. Overall I tried to keep a clean and organic style to my visual argument to let the content shine.
